c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\NatureProduct.dll
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\NatureProduct.pdb
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\NatureProduct_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\NatureProduct.g.resources
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\NatureProduct.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\NatureProduct.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\NatureProduct.dll
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\NatureProduct.pdb
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\ManualEnter.g.cs
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\Scan.g.cs
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\NatureProduct.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\zxing.wp7.1.dll
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\zxing.wp7.1.pdb
c:\users\katekate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\zxing.wp7.1.xml
C:\Users\KateKate\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\KateKate\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\ElistProduct.g.cs
C:\Users\KateKate\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\obj\Debug\SorryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\KateKate\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\KateKate\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NatureProduct\NatureProduct\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
